Fix getting-started-with-teal (#1057)
insightsengineering/teal: vignettes/getting-started-with-teal.Rmd

app <- init(
  data = teal_data(IRIS = iris, MTCARS = mtcars),
  modules = modules(
    example_module("Module 1"),

>     example_module("Module 2")

Reviewer: I thought it was intentional. The first wireframe is just a template that shows what is possible. And the second one is just an example.
This also shows that people can have any number of modules as they like when we show three in the first image and two in next.

>     example_module("Module 2")

Reviewer: Oh my 🤦🏽  Let me add that. Thanks!

>     example_module("Module 2")

Reviewer: Oh my 🤦🏽 Let me add that. Thanks!

>     example_module("Module 2")

Reviewer: No wait. I'm getting confused again. I think it's okay to have just two modules in the "example wireframe"
And have three modules in the "template wireframe" because of my reasoning above. What are your thoughts?

>     example_module("Module 2")

Reviewer 2: I'm fine with the reasoning that you provided earlier.

  ),
  title = build_app_title(title = "My first teal app"),
  header = h3("My first teal application"),
  footer = div(a("Powered by teal", href = "https://insightsengineering.github.io/teal/latest-tag/"))
)

if (interactive()) {
  shinyApp(app$ui, app$server)
}
```
<img src="images/example_app.png" alt="Example application" style="width: 100%;"/>

As shown in the image above, this application consists of several distinct areas:

* <span style="color: #FB6251;">Application Header</span> (title at the top): is the title of the application.
* <span style="color: #3A88FE;">Teal Modules</span> (bar under the title): in this case a simple module named "example teal module".
* <span style="color: #BF37F3;">Encoding Panel</span> (panel on the left hand side): Module specific UI components, in this case a drop-down to select a dataset name.
* <span style="color: #96D35F;">Main Output Panel</span> (panel on the middle): The outputs of the module, for this example module the chosen dataset is displayed.
* <span style="color: #1DC6FC;">Filter Panel</span> (panel on the right hand side): for filtering the data to be passed into all `teal` modules.

> ### Encoding panel

Reviewer: I thought it was okay because this will be the first landing page that many will start with. And `teal` has nothing to do with the `encoding` and `main` panel because that is how `teal.widgets` make our `teal.modules.*` packages built the module. And generally speaking, that content is meant for "module content" which might choose to not have "encoding and main output" format.

> ### Encoding panel

Reviewer 2: Fair enough.

And I suppose we can also say the same thing about the Filter Panel section where can be covered more detail in filter-panel.Rmd and teal.slice getting started.

I'm fine with this.

<!-- These images are generated using the diagrams inside `inst/design`  -->
<span>
  <img class="teal-components" src="images/teal-app-components.svg" alt="Example application" style="width: 100%;" />
  <img class="teal-example" src="images/teal-app-components-hover.svg" alt="Example application (hover)" style="width: 100%;" />
</span>

Every `teal` application is composed of the following elements, all of which can be controlled by the app developer by passing arguments to the `init` function:

* Application Title (browser's tab title): is the title of the application.
* Application Header and Footer (The top and the bottom of the app): any content to be put on top and on the bottom of the application.
* Teal Modules (tabs under the header): tab for each module included in the application. In this case two modules named "Module 1" and "Module 2".

> * Module Content (panel on the middle): The outputs of currently active the module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Module Content (panel on the middle): the outputs of the currently active module.
```

> * Filter Panel (panel on the right hand side): for filtering the data to be passed into all `teal` modules. In this case the filter panel will be initialized with a filter for the `Species` variable in the `iris` dataset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Filter Panel (panel on the right hand side): for filtering the data to be passed into all `teal` modules. In this case, the filter panel will be initialized with a filter for the `Species` variable in the `iris` dataset.
```

> * Filter Panel (panel on the right hand side): for filtering the data to be passed into all `teal` modules. In this case the filter panel will be initialized with a filter for the `Species` variable in the `iris` dataset.

Reviewer: Sure thing! I liked them too. Let me add them back in.

> * Filter Panel (panel on the right hand side): for filtering the data to be passed into all `teal` modules. In this case the filter panel will be initialized with a filter for the `Species` variable in the `iris` dataset.

Reviewer 2: I also made minor changes on the sentences for these points, so maybe review that first and then add the color-coded?

> * Filter Panel (panel on the right hand side): for filtering the data to be passed into all `teal` modules. In this case the filter panel will be initialized with a filter for the `Species` variable in the `iris` dataset.

Reviewer: Do you think it's better to have the colors in both diagrams or just in the diagram with the template?

> * Filter Panel (panel on the right hand side): for filtering the data to be passed into all `teal` modules. In this case the filter panel will be initialized with a filter for the `Species` variable in the `iris` dataset.

Reviewer: Right now I just added for the template.

> * Filter Panel (panel on the right hand side): for filtering the data to be passed into all `teal` modules. In this case the filter panel will be initialized with a filter for the `Species` variable in the `iris` dataset.

Reviewer: > I also made minor changes on the sentences for these points, so maybe review that first and then add the color-coded?

haha too late. I didn't realize them before I pushed them.

> * Filter Panel (panel on the right hand side): for filtering the data to be passed into all `teal` modules. In this case the filter panel will be initialized with a filter for the `Species` variable in the `iris` dataset.

Reviewer 2: > Do you think it's better to have the colors in both diagrams or just in the diagram with the template?

Just the diagram with template.
What you have is good. 
Thank you!

## Creating your own applications

To create your `teal` application there is `init` function which requires `data` and `modules` as mandatory arguments.

> Other arguments are optional and can be used to customize the application. Please see the documentation for `init` for further details.

Reviewer: Thanks! This is better.

app <- init(
  data = teal_data(IRIS = iris, MTCARS = mtcars),
  modules = example_module(),

>   title = "My first teal application",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title = build_app_title(title = "My first teal application"),
```

What do you think about using the `build_app_title` over here?

Author: Thanks, You right! I didn't know that this function even exists ;]

  header = h3("My first teal application"),
  footer = div(a("Powered by teal", href = "https://insightsengineering.github.io/teal/latest-tag/"))
)

if (interactive()) {
  shinyApp(app$ui, app$server)
}
```

<img src="images/example_app.png" alt="Example application" style="width: 100%;"/>

> Every `teal` application is composed of following elements, which all can be controlled by app developer by passing arguments to `init` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every `teal` application is composed of the following elements, all of which can be controlled by the app developer by passing arguments to the `init` function:
```

> * <span style="color: #9f84ff;">Application Title</span> (browser's tab title): is the title of the application.
> * <span style="color: #FB6251;">Application Header and Footer</span> (The top and the bottom of the app): any content to be put on top and on the bottom of the application.
> * <span style="color: #3A88FE;">Teal Modules</span> (tabs under the header): tab for each module included in the application. In this case a simple module named "example teal module".
> * <span style="color: #96D35F;">Module Content</span> (panel on the middle): The outputs of the module, for this example side bar panel with encodings and module the chosen dataset is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <span style="color: #9f84ff;">Application Title</span> (browser's tab title): This is the title of the application.
* <span style="color: #FB6251;">Application Header and Footer</span> (the top and the bottom of the app): Any content to be placed at the top and bottom of the application.
* <span style="color: #3A88FE;">Teal Modules</span> (tabs under the header): A tab for each module included in the application. In this case, a simple module named "example teal module."
* <span style="color: #96D35F;">Module Content</span> (panel in the middle): The outputs of the module. For this example, a sidebar panel with encodings and the chosen dataset is displayed.
```

Author: I was thinking about changing this screenshot into simple wireframe. If we keep making screenshots we will have to update them anytime styling changes

Author: Please see again and let me know what you think. Editable file will stay in the package so each time it will be possible to change and rerender `svg`

 
![teal-app-components](https://github.com/insightsengineering/teal/assets/6959016/589a60ef-9398-436c-98b2-dd6d740918bb)

Reviewer: I love the wireframe idea. Let's do this! Would be easier to maintain as well.

Reviewer: I'll see your diagram and raise another diagram ;)
One thing that I liked about the previous screenshot was that it showed the output of the app code that we have and it's quite natural for someone to look for the output just below the code.
And, I agree that the new diagram is simpler along with the simplification of the components.

Why not have the best of both worlds by showing the diagram of the app output when this image is hovered?
I added a commit to implement this, please let me know what you think.
![Screenshot 2024-01-23 at 9 40 56 AM](https://github.com/insightsengineering/teal/assets/49812166/cf663124-7638-4ce6-993b-59e563794343)
![Screenshot 2024-01-23 at 9 40 50 AM](https://github.com/insightsengineering/teal/assets/49812166/64df8037-7d84-4d1e-92e5-ee48c40dea30)

Reviewer 2: I like the idea of showing example when hovered but I think it defeat the purpose of changing the snapshot approach to a wireframe. 

For example, if we change the styling of the app, doesn't that mean we have to renew the screenshot for the example? This means, we now have to maintain the wireframe and the screenshot example. Felt like we're adding more work to ourselves.

Maybe we can refer user to teal.gallery to see example?

Reviewer: It's a good idea to add `teal.gallery` and TLG/Biomarker Catalogs at the end. I'll add them shortly.

It still solves the aspect ratio issue while taking a screenshot. Moreover, this diagram is just "representative" and is just here to simulate how it looks. I still believe this is more maintainable than a screenshot (just a little more work though). In the future, when a theme would be changed we just need to change the diagram and export it, while in the case of a screenshot "someone" would have to take the same aspect ratio screenshot to make the hover be seamless and it would be challenging.

Reviewer 2: Thanks @vedhav 
Let's just stick with one workflow, the diagram.
I think what we have now is good.
